updates to queries in ts (#1634)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/typescript/how-to-define-a-query-in-typescript.md

---
id: how-to-define-a-query-in-typescript
title: How to define a Query in TypeScript
sidebar_label: Define Query

> description: Define Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use `defineQuery` to define a Query method for a Workflow.
```

tags:
  - developer-guide
  - sdk
  - typescript
---

> Use [`defineQuery`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/namespaces/workflow/#definequery) to define a query method for a Workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use [`defineQuery`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/namespaces/workflow/#definequery) to define the name, parameters, and return value of a Query.
```
